# TSC Meeting - 2022-03-01

## Attendees

* Karl Berg
* Jeremy Ong
* Nicholas Lawson
* Ruth Suehle
* Tobias Alexander Franke

## [Usability](https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/19#issuecomment-1054526017)

THH - Proposal to add usability column to the sig feature matrix. When filling out the grid for (e.g.) rigid body support, it was noted that a usability column to describe the state of the feature from a content-creator perspective would have been useful.

Suggestion: Separate simulation and tooling into two separate rows in the feature grid.

Pros: Doesn't add a column that is not necessarily relevant to all features, and makes the table more descriptive.
Cons: More rows

Action: Sig will try the approach with more explicit rows (separating content and tooling) first

## [Direction and target user-base](https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/19#issuecomment-1055605032)

Sig-marketing would like more clarity on the intended audience and engine goals for 2022 and beyond.

They would like to avoid growing the community in the wrong direction.

Another point raised was that it's possible we are missing opportunities based on our positioning (examples cited included CppCon, SIGGRAPH).

Feedback:

- Much of this guidance is contingent on feature grid to provide more transparency on the engine's capabilities and roadmap
- Community may self-select to a certain degree once transparency is available

Some discussion also occurred on awareness regarding specific issues in the engine for stability/performance.

Action: Feature grid continues to be worked on, and we should circle back to this discussion as that takes shape.

## [Deprecation Strategy](https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/19#issuecomment-1054526017)

PR link: https://github.com/o3de/sig-release/pull/23/files

Noted that deprecation policy proposal doesn't yet prescribe timelines because original plan would result in deprecated code/features that would persist for 1.5 years with a 6-month release cadence

Action: Joe Bryant (sig-release chair) to coordinate with THH on deprecation policy timelines

Action: TSC members to review doc
