# TSC meeting - 2022-03-08

## Attendees

* Karl Berg
* Nick Lawson
* Jeremy Ong
* Tobias Alexander Franke
* Royal O'Brien

## Joint TSC and Sig Chair meeting reminder

A joint meeting will take place at the end of the month, 2022-03-29. A tentative agenda will be agreed on by the TSC next week and sent out so that sig chairs have time to come prepared to the meeting.

Action: Agenda topics for the joint meeting to be discussed next week.

## [Sig-Simulation Discussion](https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/20#issuecomment-1061913887)

Data was presented about metrics pertaining to discord discussion and github issues. Sig-content was overwhelmingly the most highly trafficked sig currently in terms of issues files and questions asked, lending further support to the suggestion to form the simulation sig.

It was reiterated that the primary blocker to formation was finalization of the charter.

Action: greedv to post a draft for others to help contribute to finalizing the charter for a future vote

## [O3DE deprecation strategy](https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/20#issuecomment-1060529446)

Reminder topic to visit deprecation policy. It was mentioned that this would be a topic on the agneda for the joint TSC/Sig-Chair meeting at the end of the month.

Action: Ensure that discussion on the deprecation policy is added to the joint meeting agenda.

## [Modified external binary code](https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/20#issuecomment-1061727851)

An update was requested regarding the external DDGI code from NVIDIA that is being modified on the mainline repo in binary form. The sig graphics-audio chair was present to acknowledge that work would be done to migrate this code to an external repo while external discussions are happening. There is work already in progress here from one partner, so coordination is expected to continue within the context of the sig-graphics-audio group.

Further discussion confirmed that no other external/third-party code was present in the codebase in a manner that required accepting opaque modifications (Qt, Blast, PhysX, etc.).

## [Private channels](https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/20#issuecomment-1061727851)

A request was made to permit invite-only discussion on Discord (in particular, for people without access to slack). This discussion will be taken offline, as the discord's primary purpose is to faciliate communication in the open.
