# TSC Meeting - 2022-02-15

## Attendees

* Karl Berg
* Phil Keslin
* Jeremy Ong
* Nicholas Lawson
* Royal O'Brien
* Ruth Suehle
* Tobias Alexander Franke

## Release cadence

Continuing last week's discussion around 3 month or 6 month release cadence
Gathered information about the lead time needed for last November's release
2-3 months lead time required based on existing data
Feedback that lead time needed for marketing can be streamlined, but content authors are often tied up with other work
Suggestion that lead time indicates feature volatility, with a recommendation that TSC advise sigs to focus more on stability
Followup - determine what is needed to support the next release to estimate lead time

## [Sig/home for generated content](https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/13#issuecomment-1038548231)

Q: Which sig drives community content?
"sig-content" doesn't technically own actual physical assets/demos/videos/etc.

Proposal: expand sig-docs-community to also include community content/assets.
Proposal 2: create a new sig

Suggestion that a separate sig may be wiser (already many responsibilities on docs/community, and there may be technical challenges that sig would need to solve for versioning/distribution of assets)
Secondary concerns for this hypothetical sig: navigating legal/IP concerns, managing any events related to released content
Followup - We should document the requirements for community-driven content (which would outline what a hypothetical sig charter would look like)

## Feature-grid
https://o3de.github.io/community/features/form.html
https://github.com/o3de/community/tree/main/features

## Misc

- (TODO: JO) 1 TSC meeting in a month should have sig chairs present (or a representative)
