# TSC meeting - 2022-05-10

## Attendees

- Karl Berg
- Roddie Kieley
- Nicholas Lawson
- Royal O'Brien
- Jeremy Ong
- Tobias Alexander Franke

## Recast-Navigation License/Usage Approval

Approval to leverage [recast-navigation](https://github.com/recastnavigation/recastnavigation) as a 3P dependency of O3DE was ratified by unanimous vote among members present.

## Sig-Simulation Chair/Co-chair Nominations and Elections

Discussion was raised to increase visibility of the ongoing process to nominate and elect leaders of the newly formed simulation SIG.
Non-Amazon partners were encouraged to suggest nominations to [this thread](https://github.com/o3de/sig-simulation/issues/8) this week, with elections occurring in the following week.

## WG formation for O3DE hosting

The Sig-Release chair (@Ulrick28) mentioned intentions to form a draft WG charter to modularize the engine and propose mechanisms for hosting gems that may be optional to run the engine.