# TSC Meeting 2022-06-21 Notes

## Attendees

- Karl Berg
- Roddie Kieley
- Nick Lawson
- Jeremy Ong
- Royal O'Brien
- Tobias Alexander Franke

## Co-chair Election

- Motion to elect Roddie Kieley as the TSC co-chair: Karl Berg
- Motion second: Nick Lawson
- Objections: 0
- Votes in favor: 6
- Motion sustained, Roddie Kieley is now the acting co-chair of the TSC!

## [Project management label](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/issues/10221)

_From user tonybalandiuk_

- Discussed the possibility of an O3DE-wide `kind/project-management` issue label to collect work related to PM tasks
- Suggested that issues/discussion related to project management and general community process and orchestration already occurs on `o3de/community`
- No clear mechanism to drive PM process changes across groups outside of ad-hoc discussions with SIGs or from the TSC
- SIGs (for better or worse) are generally self-governing at the moment due to a lack of bandwidth to set process at a broader scale
- Mentioned that the RFC process is one area where we could use improvement that requires top-down orchestration
- *Action*: Jeremy to collate discussion notes and propose changes to RFC
- *Action*: Royal/Tony to follow up on defining where/how project management decisions/discussion is held

## [Proposal for central SIG updates](https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/36#issuecomment-1161877839)

_From user aFinchy_

- Proposal to maintain a document updated on a monthly cadence to document SIG progress and feature completion status
- Primary concern was that the document adds overhead, and if optional to update would quickly grow stale
- Counter-suggestion from Royal to create a `notable` issue label for tracking important updates for marketing to follow-up on
- General consensus that a label-driven workflow would impose less overhead and is amenable to automation
- *Action*: Jeremy created a [notable label](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/labels/notable)

## Request to update top-level SIG README files

_From user aFinchy_

- Top-level readmes for many sigs are not descriptive and don't contain information about how to participate, and what the sig is responsible for
- Agreement that we should update the top-level READMEs across the sigs
- *Action*: Jeremy to add to the next joint sig/tsc agenda
