# TSC meeting - 2022-02-01

## Attendees

* Karl Berg
* Nick Lawson
* Jeremy Ong
* Ruth Suehle
* Tobias Alexander Franke

## [Agenda](https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/11)

## NVCloth and Blast license

TAF: Had a question because licenses for NVCloth and Blast aren't permissive licenses
NL: The gems that provide the integration are permissively licensed, but not the SDKs themselves (which we don't distribute unless we are able to)
NL: The [3p-package-source](https://github.com/o3de/3p-package-source) repo lists all the 3rd party packages and the corresponding license

## New label request `feature/math`

- Cross-cutting label of interest for many sigs, wanted a label to capture it
- Consensus that label request was reasonable
- JO created new label

## Misc

- Overview provided about last week's discussion regarding sig-simulation formation