# TSC meeting - 2022-03-15

## Attendees

* Karl Berg
* Nicholas Lawson
* Royal O'Brien
* Ruth Suehle
* Tob Alexander Franke

## Repo Scanning & BIS/NSA submission

Two issues raised from a recent LF meeting was the need for repo scanning for license requirements and submitting the project to various agencies (BIS/NSA)

LFX already performs some repo scanning, so the onus is on the LF to inform the TSC and broader community what more is needed. Similarly, LF will need to send communication stipulating what materials are needed for the submission process to agencies like the NSA.

Royal to coordinate with LF to gather requirements for both

## Joint meeting agenda

- Roadmap/direction
- RFC process (unification)
- Cross issue management
- Deprecation policy
- Feature grid
- Upcoming release

Jeremy to create an agenda issue for the joint meeting and send out communication.

## Sig-core features for physics update
## Sig-core features for viewport update

Request for TSC feedback on several feature grids

The TSC expects Sigs to compile feature stability docs internally and submission to the community repo doesn't require TSC oversight.
That said, the TSC is glad to see the documentation come in from sig-physics and sig-viewport.

## [LTS strategy](https://github.com/o3de/tsc/issues/21#issuecomment-1068057377)

- Will we invest in an LTS in 2022?
- General consensus is that development is happening too quickly and this wouldn't be feasible for 2022
- Feature grids still necessary to define what subset of the engine could be realistically stabilized

## Misc

- Question regarding LF dashboard training (Royal to follow up)
- NOTE: Ruth unable to make timeslot potentially in the future (will have proxy)